hi this is cars the world this is a 1999
audi a4 wagon you really gotta love audi
the way they make their automobiles very
strong very sturdy even when you open
the door you can feel the weight this is
the kind of mobile automobile that if
you get into an accident you know you're
going to be okay there's a lot of Steel
a lot of really strong machinery and
parts craftsmanship everything wonderful
wonderful car brand Audi let's take a
look inside very very luxurious interior
and actually let's look in the dashboard
too there you go stereo system actually
comes with a 12 disc CD changer in the
back one more thing I'm going to do here
okay we're going to need to take a look
here this is very important in case
you're interested in this car
this is an original stereo system as I
said it has a cassette player up here
however it comes with a 12 disc jvc
change in the back and this is your
controls the great thing about this is
it's hard to steal basically so that's a
really good point there because normally
we have to ship stairs to avoid theft
all right let's take a look at the
engine
opening up hoods and Audi's are a little
tricky
this little tap here
boy
look at that 56
blue trails here nice alloy wheels take
a look at the back
back is locked forgetting this without
is you have to use the key to get into
the back something I forgot anyways in
the back right here on the inside that's
where the 12 disc CD player is it's
built into the wall so that means it
comes stock with the vehicle anyway 66
666 excuse me sixty-six thousand six
hundred and forty kilometers on the
clock excuse me that was difficult to
say the audi a4 series wagon great
condition low mileage luxury highly
recommended